Zombie Jack find himself a brain, he is too happy to say a word.
The most beautiful girl in town would like to marry your zombie.
Your zombie is well known.
Every zombie gets a fresh brain.
Zombies hooray for you.
The zombie king send you a post card on his journey.
Zombie is now the most popular profession.
Every kid wants a zombie doll.
You're absolutely a superstar of zombies.
Every zombie smiles as long as they have mouth.
Zombies are dancing with joy.
You grab gold to fill up your room.
let's grab some girls next time.
How to become a zombie is now the hot topic.
'I wanna have a zombie.' says Opamar.
UN protest agains you use zombie as WMD.
We lost 500 legs and 120 brains this battle.
Every zombie warrior gets a trophy.
The best zombie win a title of Gluttony.
The handsomest zombie is born in you army.
The zombie doys want to go home and get marry after war.
Your zombies can't wait to eat more brains!
Zombies want to go to Maldives for vacation.
Every zombie unlocks a new achievement.
This is another high time of zombie career.
zombies can't wait to eat more brains on another battlefield.
Some zombies are fighting for a brain.
Some zombies ask for a raise.
It's good to be rich, you can even drive your Lamborghini to the next door!
Zombie peter wants to raise a Husky by his own.
Zombie Sheldon says he is very happy now.
Zombie Penny says she is so tired.
The zombies will never leave a brain to enemy!
A wise zombie once said 'Every zombie carries a brain in his knapsack'.
Lame-Brain Jack is drooling over a head he found.
Your zombie is named Bachelor of the year.
Your zombie is driving around with the prettiest girl in town.
Your zombie is named Time Person of the Year.
Your zombie is trending on Twitter!
Your victories have rescued countless from poverty
“When I grow up”: Zombie is now the #1 kids’ dream job
Zombies is being named the best job in the country!
No zombie left behind: braaains for all.
Zombies from other islands sends their congratulatory letters.
Your research has been recognized with the nobel prize in biology!
You have made it onto the Forbes 400!
Wa$$en Buffet called for a private meeting!
Polls show that you are the leading candidate for the next king.
Your zombie army made the headline news.
Countess is complaining about the quality of brains.
You have become first on the “Island’s Most Wanted”.
A wise zombie once said: “ no good meal is complete without brains”
Zombies are saying brains this time are finger licking good!
Our slogan “give me brains or give me death, but since we’re dead..”
“Zombie of Steel” is now the most anticipated movie of next year.
Your zombie army is destined to go where no zombies has gone before.
Zombie dolls are #1 on the Xmas wishlist.
Our slogan “Free your mind, soul, and only leave behind the body”.
The new single “always fresh, always have a brain” is sweeping the nation.
Brains have exceeded coffee beans in imports for the first time!
There is now a new zombie born created every second.
With great zombie powers, come great need for brains.
Our slogan “We want you to be infected”.